h1. Flutie

Basic, default styles for rails applications

h2. Installation & Upgrading

Flutie is a Rails engine. It works with versions of Rails greater than 3.0.

Flutie is recommended to be run as a gem and included in your Gemfile.

  $ rake flutie:install

The installer will copy the Flutie stylesheets into public/flutie/stylesheets

Once Flutie is installed, with your application running (not in production environment) you can browse to /styleguides.  This will present you with many standard markup elements that are present in a Rails application, in your default application layout.

Click on the "Default styles" link to view the same markup with a barebones layout that only contains the Flutie stylesheets. Click on "Application styles" to view the markup in your application layout.

To upgrade, bump the gem version in your Gemfile, and then run 'rake flutie:install' again to get the latest changes moved into your application.

h2. Usage

Flutie registers a :flutie shortcut for stylesheets, so in your layout you can do...

  <%= stylesheet_link_tag :flutie, 'admin', :cache => true %>

...this will include all the flutie stylesheets, then the 'admin' stylesheet, and it will cache them all into one file.

h3. Sass

If you use Sass in your application, the flutie stylesheets are also available as scss files, installed in public/flutie/sass.  This location is automatically added to your Sass template load path.  These files can be imported into your own css files for use with the following:

@import "flutie"

h3. Custom Styles

To add custom styles to the styleguide add partials to the app/views/styleguides directory. For example:

bc. app/views/styleguides/_todo_item.erb:

bc.. <ol>
  <li class="todo">This is a todo item</li>
</ol>

p. Plugin authors can also add to the styleguide by ensuring that their view path
is in ActionController::Base.view_paths and by placing a partial under the
styleguides directory. For example:

bc. ActionController::Base.append_view_path(File.join(File.dirname(__FILE__), 'views'))

bc. my_awesome_plugin/views/styleguides/_pagination.erb:

bc.. <div class="pagination">
  <a href="#prev">Previous</a>
  <a href="#next">Next</a>
</div>

h2. Authors

Flutie was written by thoughtbot, inc.

h2. Suggestions, Bugs, Refactoring?

Fork away and create a "Github Issue":http://github.com/thoughtbot/flutie/issues. Please don't send pull requests.

h2. Development

The actual stylesheet source files are sass, so edit the files in public/stylesheets/sass.  
To rebuild the normal scss run:

  sass -C --update public/stylesheets/sass:public/stylesheets
